Make documentation HTML renderable (#10)
negrutiu/nsis-nscurl: README.md

- Supports files larger than 4GB
- Can download remote content directly to Memory (NSIS string) instead of file
- Works well in **64-bit** [NSIS builds](https://github.com/negrutiu/nsis)

> - A lot more... Check out the included [documentation](https://rawcdn.githack.com/negrutiu/nsis-nscurl/6c9f7c02b050f5db62963d6a9962d6b791e4c7a4/NScurl.Readme.htm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A lot more... Check out the included [documentation](https://raw.githack.com/negrutiu/nsis-nscurl/master/NScurl.Readme.htm)
```

NScurl::http POST "https://httpbin.org/post" Memory /POST "User" "My user name" /POST "Password" "My password" /POST FILENAME=maiden.json TYPE=application/json "Details" '{ "number_of_the_beast" : 666 }' /END
Pop $0
```

> - More complex examples in the [documentation](https://rawcdn.githack.com/negrutiu/nsis-nscurl/6c9f7c02b050f5db62963d6a9962d6b791e4c7a4/NScurl.Readme.htm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- More complex examples in the [documentation](https://raw.githack.com/negrutiu/nsis-nscurl/master/NScurl.Readme.htm)
```
